Hello everybody.
Today we're going to begin our process of building the actual classification.
So let's jump right into it.
First of course we need to import the right portion from the Escalante model library and we have done
so by just running this particular line.
Now it's actually build those models.
So we are going to call the model the classifier because it is a classic model and we're going to call
it as such.
We want to use the congressional function that we just imported.
I'm going to ask a random state argument just because I like to make sure I duplicate any work I do.
Good.
We run it and successfully you run me that everything's gotten so far.
Now let's feed our mouth so we put the classifier that felt pretty good.
We really tried.
Which is why we obtained the previous video and that one also from the PC which are the x and y.
And we have got the model.
There you go.
It's true.
Now this is the results were good so again as we have seen before by calling that pretty Fanjul from
the pacifier.
So we're on the CROSSFIRE we call the product function within it and we meet the test set which is X
test.
And that's been the easiest the solution for white test which you were going to call y.
So now that we have the predictions this actually evaluate the model results and see what accuracy we
got.
So the accuracy again we're going to import a couple of functions from the Escalona package and they
are as follows from his learn that metrics great importance confusion metrics.
We're going to import accuracy or as well as one score the precision score and the rigor score actually
we run it and we go.
So now we're going to create the confusion matrix which is GCM and of course it's a simple cold fusion
matrix function and we can get the correct results for the test dataset and the particular results for
this is excellent.
So we have the confusion.
We're going to look at the conversion matrix in a bit with a nice little clock.
We don't have to but we're going to go out of our way to do it.
But we're also we've got a couple of major uses for this.
So let's look at the score which is the accuracy or the accuracy score is.
As you can see a call to the accuracy score function.
And again we get the same arms white tests and white bread.
And this is something that we're going to be using for the next couple of lines.
So let me copy here.
We've paid for it and we write and you see the results you're going to see that the model has an accuracy
of over 61 percent.
Now even though it is not super high accuracy is good for many purposes going to find an industry more
often than not that it's not going to be clean or that it's not going to be too indicative of the response
variable.
So you're going to be happy with.
Fifty five sixty one fifty eight sixty five.
Any kind of accuracy in that range as long is of course greater than 50.
So if you want accuracy is sufficient for our purposes.
So now we're going to do the same for that position score.
So it's clearly the position score.
Now if you guys don't remember what precision score means.
Let me explain the precision score is the score of the true positives divided by the two Basus Plus
the false positives meaning of all the past was predicted.
How many of them are actually true.
In this case the president scores.
Meaning that there is not a lot of good precision.
So out of all the predicted positives we got half of them right which is almost 50 percent.
So this particular result is very important and it's a reason we have to do is accurate precision.
And we don't get the model we built with it in the previous video but we have to do it in this video
is extremely important.
So we see that the procedure is not that great.
Now let's do the same for the recall function recall.
Great.
And we run the risk of of course when we get a 75 percent okay this is pretty interesting.
So if they recall again is the fact that true vacillates the by the true apostles Plus the false negatives
many of for the actual positives they exist.
How many We believe this is true.
And that's the 75 percent which is pretty pretty good.
So whenever you have bad news like this a decent accuracy or precision in a high recall we use the for
calculation that we imported from Escaflowne metrics and that is the fun score to give us a better measure
how our model is performing because the EF 1 score is a function of precision Ringo and he balances
them out.
So let's run one score on the arguments and the X1 score is similar to the accuracy.
A 61 percent almost 60 percent.
So after everything husbanding into consideration the accuracy the precision to recall we know that
the train set is bounce but we know that the test it doesn't have to be bad.
Because in the real world they're not going to be getting into.
I not always want to be bad.
It's never about us.
So we are satisfied with 61 percent because it is of course greater than 50 percent which is what we
were trying to avoid.
And now to end this part we're going to bill the confusion matrix nicely.
And again in front of the board is it could be getting the whole of the class.
So what should I copy the code here and I want to go over it with.
So the data from CM means simply we have quit at the time frame of the completion matrix with the right
index labels in column names then we're blowing the figure with a nice view or size where the font for
all the numbers are.
And finally we're reading the map of four squares.
Our vision matrix with different colors that many of the density of this size and this line right here
is simply to return the actual score because whenever you print a map you also want the accuracy but
the accuracy of course will be printed on the console.
We manage one of these play with them.
So let's run this line and see where we get answers.
Here is the Metrix 60 39 0 0 means that they have been 16:30 nine predictions of Syria when the body
was actually there.
So this is a correct prediction.
So is this now.
These two range in the 16:00 range while this incorrect prediction is on 15:1.
This is the reason why the precision is close to 50 percent because this is almost as big as this.
But this one right here on the other end is not space.
Therefore this is build some models accuracy a lot more because the model is a lot better at predicting
these to accurately than it is happening in these two actually right here.
And that is why we have the results.
OK.
That's fine.
It's not perfect.
But can we build this model for the super-Tuesday examine results that are not perfect but it could
still be used in age.
So this is going to be the end of this video in the next video we're going to go away for cross-pollination
very quickly and then we're going to move into feature selection to finalize our on.
Thank you very much for watching.
And see you in the next video.